**Midas Functionality for Rodent Imaging**


Data Provenance, all documents should be able to access their provenance within Midas--what should be stored, where should it be stored?

  Creation datetime, modification datetime, events that caused creation (upload, result of an experiment), parent provenance.

  What level should the provenance be at, at the bitstream or resource or item level?  and this should include the parent info, so we 
  know where this document is stored in the hierarchy, so a child or sibling can be created.


When a document is operated on in SSP, it should have provenance available so that any resulting child documents can be linked back

  Perhaps an xml doc dumped per document, which has metadata including provenance about the doc, put into the SSP temp dir to be used.


Experimental History in SSP.  We can think of a run of SSP as an experiment, and so we'd like an analogue of a lab notebook.  

  It should record the inputs (input documents, metadata, and provenance, all should be linkable by the document), (command line arguments), (information on executables?
  can get really elaborate with this, including version and build information), the steps in the computation (basically inputs, intermediates, computations, and outputs),
  and outputs.

  Some status display so that a user can see where the experiment is in the process.  This can be related to the DAG.  
  
  Possibility of stopping the execution at a certain point.

  Find previous experiments and re-run them.

  Find previous experiments and clone them, then change certain parameters.

  Find previous experimental runs, and rerun them from a certain point.

  Find previous experimental runs, and rerun them from a certain point, changing certain parameters.

  List all experimental runs.
    View DAG/process records, view outputs of these.

  List all experimental runs for a given user.

  List all experimental runs for a given document as input.

  Jump from a document to the experimental run that created it.

  Ability to share experiments, experimental design (inputs, parameters, executables), and outputs

Options for storing outputs of an experimental run.  
  
  Currently there is the uploader.php script which can be executed by Condor Post the execution, uploading the
  created file as a bitstream, added to an item with a passed down item id.  This has been supported (weakly) by the addition of a CondorPostScript BatchMake command
  that is buggy.  Also, this script needs to be specified in the XML describing the SSP task.

  Ideally we'd like to build in support to Midas that has flexibility in what options are available for saving outputs, but the display of these would be somewhat
  rigid so as to not demand a lot of GUI development.  Most of this functionality should probably be built in at the level of provenance, and then used as a client by the
  SSP system.
    
    Save all final outputs
    
    Save all intermediate outputs
  
    Save all intermediate outputs and final outputs, deleting intermediate outputs upon execution completion

    Save outputs to a new item based on certain rules (new item, item as a child or sibling of certain hierarchy position)

    Move bitstreams into parent location
 
    Copy bitstreams into parent location (would this mean creating 2 versions of the same document?)

  This output designation should come with a reasonable default (perhaps creating a new item, adding all outputs as bitstreams to the item, storing the 
  provenance of this output with it (computation/experiment description, and inputs)


  
    
